[cpp_python_util] # util tfe
tensorflow::swig::IsSequence
tensorflow::swig::IsSequenceOrComposite
tensorflow::swig::IsCompositeTensor
tensorflow::swig::IsTypeSpec
tensorflow::swig::IsNamedtuple
tensorflow::swig::IsMapping
tensorflow::swig::IsMappingView
tensorflow::swig::IsAttrs
tensorflow::swig::IsTensor
tensorflow::swig::IsResourceVariable
tensorflow::swig::IsVariable
tensorflow::swig::SameNamedtuples
tensorflow::swig::AssertSameStructure
tensorflow::swig::Flatten
tensorflow::swig::IsSequenceForData
tensorflow::swig::FlattenForData
tensorflow::swig::AssertSameStructureForData
tensorflow::swig::RegisterType
tensorflow::swig::IsEagerTensorSlow

[util_port] # util_port
tensorflow::IsGoogleCudaEnabled
tensorflow::IsBuiltWithROCm
tensorflow::IsBuiltWithNvcc
tensorflow::GpuSupportsHalfMatMulAndConv
tensorflow::IsMklEnabled

[stream_executor_pimpl] # stat_summarizer
stream_executor::StreamExecutor::EnablePeerAccessTo
stream_executor::StreamExecutor::CanEnablePeerAccessTo

[print_model_analysis] # tfprof
tensorflow::tfprof::NewProfiler
tensorflow::tfprof::DeleteProfiler
tensorflow::tfprof::AddStep
tensorflow::tfprof::WriteProfile
tensorflow::tfprof::ProfilerFromFile
tensorflow::tfprof::Profile
tensorflow::tfprof::PrintModelAnalysis
tensorflow::tfprof::SerializeToString

[graph_analyzer_tool] # graph_analyzer
tensorflow::grappler::graph_analyzer::GraphAnalyzerTool

[bfloat16_lib] # bfloat16
tensorflow::RegisterNumpyBfloat16
tensorflow::Bfloat16PyType

[events_writer] # events_writer
tensorflow::EventsWriter::Init
tensorflow::EventsWriter::InitWithSuffix
tensorflow::EventsWriter::WriteSerializedEvent
tensorflow::EventsWriter::Flush
tensorflow::EventsWriter::Close

[py_func_lib] # py_func
tensorflow::InitializePyTrampoline

[framework_internal_impl] # op_def_registry, dtypes
tensorflow::BaseType
tensorflow::DataTypeString
tensorflow::DataTypeIsComplex
tensorflow::DataTypeIsFloating
tensorflow::DataTypeIsInteger
tensorflow::DataTypeIsQuantized
tensorflow::DataTypeIsUnsigned
tensorflow::DataTypeSize
tensorflow::OpRegistry::Global
tensorflow::OpRegistry::LookUpOpDef
tensorflow::RemoveNonDeprecationDescriptionsFromOpDef

[lib_internal_impl]  # device_lib
tensorflow::Status::code
tensorflow::Status::error_message
tensorflow::Status::ok()

[core_cpu_impl]  # device_lib tfe
tensorflow::Device::attributes
tensorflow::DeviceFactory::AddDevices
tensorflow::SessionOptions::SessionOptions
tensorflow::DoQuantizeTrainingOnSerializedGraphDef
tensorflow::DeviceFactory::ListAllPhysicalDevices

[protos_all]  # device_lib, dtypes
tensorflow::DataType_IsValid
tensorflow::ConfigProto::ConfigProto
tensorflow::ConfigProto::ParseFromString
tensorflow::DeviceAttributes::SerializeToString

[py_exception_registry] # py_exception_registry
tensorflow::PyExceptionRegistry::Init
tensorflow::PyExceptionRegistry::Lookup

[kernel_registry] # kernel_registry
tensorflow::swig::TryFindKernelClass

[toco_python_api] # toco_python_api
toco::TocoConvert
toco::TocoGetPotentiallySupportedOps

[transform_graph_lib] # transform_graph
tensorflow::graph_transforms::TransformGraph
tensorflow::graph_transforms::ParseTransformParameters

[checkpoint_reader] # py_checkpoint_reader
tensorflow::checkpoint::CheckpointReader
tensorflow::checkpoint::CheckpointReader::Init
tensorflow::checkpoint::CheckpointReader::DebugString
tensorflow::checkpoint::CheckpointReader::GetVariableToShapeMap
tensorflow::checkpoint::CheckpointReader::GetVariableToDataTypeMap
tensorflow::checkpoint::CheckpointReader::GetTensor
tensorflow::checkpoint::CheckpointReader::HasTensor

[tensor_bundle] # py_checkpoint_reader
tensorflow::BundleReader::BundleReader
tensorflow::BundleReader::~BundleReader

[ndarray_tensor] # py_checkpoint_reader
tensorflow::TensorToNdarray

[safe_ptr] # py_checkpoint_reader
tensorflow::detail::PyDecrefDeleter
tensorflow::make_safe

[python_op_gen] # python_op_gen
tensorflow::GetPythonWrappers

[pywrap_tfe_lib] # tfe
tensorflow::TFE_TensorHandleCache
tensorflow::TFE_TensorHandleCache::Clear
EagerTensor_CheckExact
EagerTensorFromHandle
EagerTensor_Handle
TFE_Py_ExecuteCancelable
TFE_Py_RegisterExceptionClass
TFE_Py_RegisterVSpace
TFE_Py_RegisterFallbackExceptionClass
TFE_Py_RegisterGradientFunction
TFE_Py_RegisterJVPFunction
TFE_GetPythonString
TFE_Py_UID
TFE_DeleteContextCapsule
TFE_Py_InitEagerTensor
TFE_Py_SetEagerTensorProfiler
TFE_Py_TapeSetNew
TFE_Py_TapeSetRemove
TFE_Py_TapeSetAdd
TFE_Py_TapeSetIsEmpty
TFE_Py_TapeSetShouldRecordBackprop
TFE_Py_TapeSetPossibleGradientTypes
TFE_Py_TapeWatch
TFE_Py_TapeSetDeleteTrace
TFE_Py_TapeSetStopOnThread
TFE_Py_TapeSetRestartOnThread
TFE_Py_TapeSetIsStopped
TFE_Py_TapeSetRecordOperation
TFE_Py_TapeSetRecordOperationBackprop
TFE_Py_TapeSetRecordOperationForwardprop
TFE_Py_TapeVariableAccessed
TFE_Py_TapeWatchVariable
TFE_Py_TapeGradient
TFE_Py_FastPathExecute_C
TFE_Py_RecordGradient
TFE_Py_TapeWatchedVariables
TFE_Py_ForwardAccumulatorNew
TFE_Py_ForwardAccumulatorSetAdd
TFE_Py_ForwardAccumulatorSetRemove
TFE_Py_ForwardAccumulatorWatch
TFE_Py_ForwardAccumulatorJVP
TFE_Py_ForwardAccumulatorPushState
TFE_Py_ForwardAccumulatorPopState
TFE_Py_PackJVPs
TFE_Py_TensorShapeSlice
TFE_Py_TensorShapeOnDevice
TFE_Py_EncodeArg
TFE_Py_EnableInteractivePythonLogging
TFE_Py_SetEagerContext

[eager_executor] # tfe
tensorflow::EagerExecutor::~EagerExecutor
tensorflow::EagerContext::WaitForAndCloseRemoteContexts

[profiler_session] # tfe
tensorflow::ProfilerSession::~ProfilerSession

[tf_status_helper] # tfe
tensorflow::Set_TF_Status_from_Status

[context] # tfe
tensorflow::EagerContext::WaitForAndCloseRemoteContexts
